"Never forget what you are, and the rest of the world will not wear it like armor, and it can never be used to hurt you." - Tyrion Lannister
The game of thrones is the adaptation of TV from the fairy tales "Song of Ice and Fire"
By George RR Martin. Nearly 200 nominations and 59 awards, including the Golden Globe Awards, were written
Guild, Critics Choice, Screen Actors Guild, Amy and others. The books were
Translated into more than 30 languages ​​and reached the New York Times
Best seller lists.
It's a fascinating epic story, full of complexity and realism. Located in seven fictional kingdoms
From Westeros, the series tells the violent conflicts between the royal dynasties
Families to control the Iron Throne. But along this way, it becomes about much more.
Through the words and actions of these captivating characters, there are hidden lessons that can be drawn.
In life, we play every game of thrones in one way or another. Life is a game, for
Either win or lose but no tie. This world can be cruel, people can be cruel to you than you.
But you must build this, says Tyrion Lannister: I never forget
What you are, for sure the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be
Your weakness. Shield yourself into it, and it will never be used to hurt you. Understanding
Your limitations are used correctly for your benefit. What people think about you
Did not matter. If the lion loses sleep over the view of the sheep, it should not you.
Wear your so-called double as a badge of pride and find beauty in your uniqueness.
If it hurts, remember that pain is the lesson, and each lesson makes us better.
Books show many times reminiscent of "valar morghulis". It means all men must die.
Death comes to all. It can be tomorrow, or it can be in many years from now,
But all men must die. People die at dinner tables. People die in their family.
People die squatting on their room pots. Everyone dies sooner or later.
But do not worry about your death.
Take care of your life. Take charge of your life for as long as it lasts.
Because death is a final decision so, while life is full of possibilities. So while alive, make
Every moment count but do not rush. Enjoy your time. As Salladhor SAAN said: It is that
He races through life to his grave.
Do what you love, spend time with their loved ones and be grateful, because, as Martin relentlessly
Shows, any moment can be the last in your life.
Take the ropes of your life and take action. Do not just talk because the words are wind,
The wind always blows at the wall, John Snow reminds us that the words are in themselves
It makes no sense unless we put the work behind it.
Act now and do not let fear control you. As Aria Stark knows the man who fears losing
Already lost. Cuts deeper fear of swords. Courage easy when you have no fear.
It's those who are brave in the face of it, and who stand above the rest.
Chaos is not a hole. Chaos is a ladder. Many who try to climb up fail and did not get on
Try again. The fall breaks them. Some chance is given on the climb. They refused,
They cling to a world or gods or love. Illusions. Just a real ladder.
Boarding is all there is. Now is the time to climb. Where there is a way, there is a way out.
morghulis Valar.